Is it a human or a ghost?
Scan to know
What happened to the license?
Hey hey hey
The gap is actually 100 million.
But there's a lot of money.
Hey hey hey
Oops Oops Oops
Braiding
this this this this
Even though it was broken
But this standing together should be very valuable
Maybe
Hey hey hey oops
How can a tea set be so priceless?
Who are you?
How do rich people
Mr. Chen, you should pay the money now.
I'll do this.
You just said
My tea set is more expensive than your 5 million tea leaves.
You eat this fragment.
If you eat the fragments today
You don't have to pay this money.
Ask me to lose money and dream
Uncle Lee
This is the son-in-law you worked so hard to recruit.
The reputation is not very good
Old man, your daughter has already hooked up with a rich man
Why did you call me here?
How come this tiny dog ​​is so strong?
You broke my things and wanted to leave without paying for them.
This room is so big.
There is no monitoring
Who can prove that I broke this tea set?
Can you prove it?
Who said there is no evidence?